it's a positional position, when you heat the plasma,
or you heat it up, or you let it down,
and heat it up, and you keep it in the
magnetic field, it's the thing that's called later, you can
see the stilera, the stilera, etc.
And the second way, then, I think, the first thing,
the first thing I wrote to you It's just that
you take it and let
it go into the mix, let it go into a
big speed of some kind of bubble of plasma.
It has a small microwave, that is, it's important for
the reaction to the media, and you have to give
it to the colonists.
For this, you have to make it so that the
temperature of this plasma was so high that,
during such a kind of movement,
they could come up with an idea that, by the
way, there is the same thing, and the synthesis occurs.
That is,
the hydrogen in the solar system is connected, that is,
there is a specific element, that is, the difference between
the atoms,
the process of this spread,
heavy nuclear and energy distribution.
And here, synthesis of light elements, there are details, details,
there are details of the third and the production of
the gel, and other elements and energy distribution.
The main thing is the reaction.
Yes, the reaction.
That is, there is an increase in the group of
words of the atomic weight and energy distribution.
That is, in other words, that is, the promise is
not so.
If you have business, there is, that is, for this,
you need hydrogen, for the third, you need to go
for it.
Yes, of course.
No, for the third, I am also not hydrogen.
I am, well, this hydrogen, this is from the top
of the hydrogen, I connect them, it turns out, the
gel is divided into a huge, so -called energy.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
And this is, as it is, a safe game.
Yes, yes, yes.
Yes,
yes, yes.
That is, because I have a certain synthesis, the synthesis.
If we talk too much, here is synthesis.
And first, we thought everything will be easy, the production
of bombs and so on.
That is, humans are still still in a 50s?
Yes, 50s.
Then we thought about the contents and the technical details,
but it turned out that it is not so simple
yet.
Then we did not раскry everything.
And then I went to the South of the South,
and they told me, we were doing it for years,
we were doing it until the end.
I didn't tell anyone in the chat room.
And then I opened the door, and then I started
doing my work.
More than me.
That is, the chat room was also in your room?
Yes, and he was doing it for 5 years.
Yes, yes.
I didn't do it like that either.
I worked on it for a month.
I knew people who had been doing it for a
long time.
I was doing it for a long time.
And then we went further.
We learned how to hold it.
Here is the sun.
Here is the thermal process.
Here is the bomb.
The process is working.
That is, it stayed a little bit.
But everything was not that simple.
And still there are a lot of experiments, which
hold for a few seconds, which are not that simple.
What is the main thing now?
Why didn't you do it there?
It is important.
I think that it is more steppe than engineering.
That is, scientific research.
Everything is working.
The science is working, everyone understands.
Today we need to establish laboratory research and this
is engaged in China, Japan, and Americans.
And together in Europe, when Russia, in France, the whole
international group is working there.
There is a huge reactor,
which is with a magnetic hold.
And everything is close.
And every time we say close,
as if someone brought me to Velikov.
And he didn't get it.
You say, what year are you going to say?
Here in a year we will have to be thermal.
And three years later, he says, you are going to
see the sun, you are going to see the sun,
I am not going to see the sun.
You are not going to see anything.
Well,
I am going to move.
But I think that after 15 years, maybe 20 things
will appear.
Well, I think it is close.
I think after 5 years, we will see the demonstration.
Did you hear about the laser -intermediate synthesis, which the
Americans have already existed, as they say, a positive exit.
A positive exit, a positive idea.
There are two approaches.
One approach is what I was talking about.
The position of the plasma is heated and it is
maintained.
And at the same time, we have to have a
reaction to make the energy needed.
The position of the plasma is the second approach.
Here, as I said, you would say that you were
shot.
Or a micro -drift.
You know, what is happening is a micro -termine -drift.
And in the distribution of energy, more than you have
put in it.
And this, in my opinion, the Levermuria is already a
demonstration experiment.
They did it, but it is very expensive, of course.
While it is economical, there is a difference.
Everything is super high.
That is why it is not even difficult.
What approach did you use the first and second approach?
There are both of them.
You know, this is the same situation when you are
shot.
You get energy from the fire, what is it?
And the second one.
The engine is not burning.
Every time it happens, it is a drift car.
Yes.
This is, for example, two approaches.
The future is working.
And this is the other one.
And what is the most economical approach?
I think that all these plasma and the position of
the other approach will be closer to the economic realization.
Because the level is very expensive, because plasma is used
in lasers.
Their effectiveness will be transferred
from the energy of the laser to the thermal medium.
It is very economical.
Let's write to the audience after 15 -20 years you
can imagine
how it will look like.
How it will look like thermal nuclear reactor.
It will start about some states.
How it will look like.
I think it will be about about 10 meters,
such a bubble, which is heated by plasma.
Well,
here are these things.
Magnetic coils that hold it and so on.
And all this will be about about 50 -60 meters
or about 100 meters in the hall.
Yes.
No less than 100 meters in the hall.
That is why it will come to the reactor.
And after that,
we get the energy.
And then, again, we give it to the thermal medium.
Yes.
This is already a process.
It is already developed.
And it is better to make it concentrated in one
reactor or spread it somehow.
No, well,
the reactor can be used in one place.
But if you say, I think that now each side
will try to do it.
Yes.
I think that it will be in fact more than
one.
Well, it is exactly more clean energy there.
How many years
we have spent in such a state?
Are we more skeptical about it?
No, I am very optimistic.
But in the horizon.
In the horizon, it is very hard to say.
Especially in the economy that today
we have already been convinced that we should not forget
about it.
It means that people are moving further.
It is interesting that it is a real company that
has a billion dollars and that is, it is not
a state work.
It is a real company that is absolutely believed that
it will happen in 2030 and they have a real
progress that you can tell that there is a real
product
that works and it is already in a general level.
But it is not a real deal.
They also told us and they gave me a timeline
when I am applauding the carist who is such a
huge horizon that they are ready to wait for 10
years for this return.
Well, as the case of his customers, his master and
so on.
Here, of course, this venture mechanism
helps in the sense
to realize some fantastic things that is, some money I
was talking about in the past.
But at least it is a nature of venture capitalism.
They should risk it.
I think I am more inclined to
achieve classic groups because they are moving
step by step.
They are really the same setting,
to the central cost of the city.
How do you think it will be in the US?
Dear friends,
I have an interest in the cost.
Here, we always get to the territory
between that land which is where we start The more
we start to build our own space, the more technology
will be provided to the living space.
Because it seems to me that the elements of life
are found in many places that are difficult to imagine.
Therefore,
I think that all these resources that we are trying
to find today,
to guide us to the development of a methodical development
of space,
I think that we already exist in the living space,
and they work in a completely different way.
We can't see them there.
That's why,
if a person is trying to build a space, and
so on, it will quickly find a solution to the
cost of his life, just gradually.
And the more we start, the more likely we will
be able to create space, which today needs to be
pushed to the whole world,
to the whole nation.
Therefore,
I am sorry that there is no
resource to lose.
And when we say that there is no climate, then
it will help stabilize the lives of the Earth.
Well, humanity will grow.
Well,
I mean, I am primitive.
We, as humans, as humans, we must be in the
right way, in the right way, in the right way,
in the right way.
And as it is good that it grows, we are
biological, which is not necessarily to develop on this planet.
So, let's develop in other places.
And the resources, as you say, are enough to lose
the future.
Well, that's it.
And many, by the way, may be, we decided to
learn more about it.
Let's say about your youth.
How did you get to the festival?
Ah, the festival.
Well, I am here, I graduated from the third school
in the city.
Yes,
I graduated.
Well, I participated in the Olympics, then.
And then?
The third school is in the Republic.
Right?
Yes, yes, in the Republic.
5th grade.
Yes,
yes, yes.
I graduated from the third school, and then,
at one of the Olympics, physically,
we conducted physical Olympics,
at the festival.
And there, one of them, well, I think, from the
festival.